In addition to the many commands,
tools and functions included in spreadsheets,
there are some special spreadsheet gestures to learn.
For spreadsheets specifically, we can
fill additional cells with copies or continued patterns.
The fill command isn't typed in anywhere,
rather, it's a mouse dragging gesture.
Select a cell or range,
hover over the lower right corner until a plus sign appears,
that's the fill handle.
Press the mouse button and drag to fill.
The result is a repeated copy of values, sequences or formulas.
This is especially helpful if we have a formula we want to repeat.
And another useful shortcut is the context menu.
Open a context menu of quick functions that can
be applied to your selection with the right-click of your mouse.
Finally, keep in mind that a number of
keyboard shortcuts that you're used to using
on your computer also work with spreadsheets,
like undo and redo.
You'll find that these can be real time-savers.
That's what we're trying to do for spreadsheets,
make it all easier so we can get past the calculations and focus
on data analysis and finding the meaning behind the data in our spreadsheets.